Customers are responsible for making their own independent assessment of the information in this document. This document: (a) is for informational purposes only, (b) represents Amazon Web Services current product offerings and practices, which are subject to change without notice, and (c) does not create any commitments or assurances from Amazon Web Services and its affiliates, suppliers or licensors. Amazon Web Services products or services are provided “as is” without warranties, representations, or conditions of any kind, whether express or implied. Amazon Web Services responsibilities and liabilities to its customers are controlled by Amazon Web Services agreements, and this document is not part of, nor does it modify, any agreement between Amazon Web Services and its customers.

The Extension for Stable Diffusion on AWS solution is licensed under the terms of the Apache License Version 2.0 available at [The Apache Software Foundation]( https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)


This guidance is for informational purposes only.  You should still perform your own independent assessment, and take measures to ensure that you comply with your own specific quality control practices and standards, and the local rules, laws, regulations, licenses and terms of use that apply to you, your content, and the third-party generative AI service referenced in this guidance.  Amazon Web Services has no control or authority over the third-party generative AI service referenced in this guidance, and does not make any representations or warranties that the third-party generative AI service is secure, virus-free, operational, or compatible with your production environment and standards. Amazon Web Services does not make any representations, warranties or guarantees that any information in this guidance will result in a particular outcome or result.   